gh-117518: Clarify PyTuple_GetItem() borrowed reference in the doc (#117920)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/tuple.rst

   Return the object at position *pos* in the tuple pointed to by *p*.  If *pos* is
   negative or out of bounds, return ``NULL`` and set an :exc:`IndexError` exception.

>    Return a :term:`borrowed reference`. It is borrowed from the tuple *p*:
>    it remains valid as long as you hold a strong reference to *p*.
>    To get a :term:`strong reference`, use
>    :c:func:`Py_NewRef(PyTuple_GetItem(...)) <Py_NewRef>`
>    or :c:func:`PySequence_GetItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To get a :term:`strong reference`, use
   :c:func:`Py_NewRef(PyTuple_GetItem(...)) <Py_NewRef>`
   or :c:func:`PySequence_GetItem`.
```

Author: I would like to be very explicit that this function is unusual and return a BORROWED reference, rather than a "regular" STRONG reference. @encukou suggests to document where the reference is borrowed from, IMO it's a good idea. Why do you want to remove it?

Reviewer: There is already an visually explicit annotation that communicates this. Why duplicate that wording just below?

Reviewer: It is here:

![Screenshot 2024-04-16 at 10 39 42](https://github.com/python/cpython/assets/13780613/e973aaac-aa0b-4d64-95b4-04e7fd5ee65e)

Reviewer: How about this, then:

```suggestion
   The borrowed reference remains valid as long as you hold a strong reference to *p*.
   To get a :term:`strong reference` an item, use either
   :c:func:`Py_NewRef(PyTuple_GetItem(...)) <Py_NewRef>`
   or :c:func:`PySequence_GetItem`.
```

Reviewer 2: I consider the phrase “borrowed from *p*” quite important and I'd like to start using it throughout the docs.
In any case, just the fact that it's borrowed is not enough information.

I'd prefer keeping the “that is” wording from [my proposal](https://github.com/capi-workgroup/decisions/issues/23#issuecomment-2058452708), to emphasize that “borrowed from *p*” is exactly equivalent to “remains valid as long as you hold a strong reference to *p*”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The returned reference is borrowed from *p*
   (that is: it is only valid as long as you hold a reference to *p*).
   To get a :term:`strong reference`, use
   :c:func:`Py_NewRef(PyTuple_GetItem(...)) <Py_NewRef>`
   or :c:func:`PySequence_GetItem`.
```
